Are right we are back and we are looking at the revenue worksheet for the fancy bread.
So the first things is we wanted to put in our major assumptions right.
So for this one big things we have the pricing tiers three tiers.
What do we know about the maximum number of hours for free guests.
The guests rate though there does seem we're going to treat them as three separate inputs just because
well if you change them or if the plan changes it's easy to change here.
OK.
So they may want to change the guest rate so that for these higher tiers it might be cheaper and may
be $5 here and $3 you don't know.
This makes it a little bit easier to do.
Now the other thing is we're not just making revenue from these customers right that are paying per
month on a subscription.
We're going to be making some revenue from some of the guests that are going to be paying $6 for each
hour that they're using.
So some other assumptions that we're going to have to make around for the revenue is what percentage
of the customers in these tears are actually going to be bringing guests in and of those who are bringing
guess what percentage of those have guests over ASH that uses more than their allotted guest hours.
Right.
And then making some assumptions around one of those that are over on average how many hours are they
over.
OK.
So there's a set of assumptions here that we're going to be using in order to generate the projections
for the revenue.
I'm going to zoom out a little bit now here one of the things you always want to start off with is the
timing.
Okay.
So for the fancy bread one we have we looked at the startup costs Earlier we looked at this where we
have each of the costs assigned to a certain timing during the startup period.
Right.
So we design the startup period to have three distinct stages starting with six months of development
three months of beta 3 months of launch and then this through out means just throughout this entire
period of the startup period.
So in the revenue part we want to look at the timing because the first 12 months whatever these phases
of the start of thats before we have the revenues.
Thats just development and theres beta and then theres launch.
So we are going to assume that we don't have customers coming in until afterwards.
Okay now what are some things that we can do here we can start with driving some atts right.
Maybe we have ads that were driving certain impressions in that were targeting to get on a consistent
basis.
And then of those ads were going to get some sort of a click through.
Now this one we don't want to assume some sort of flat click through rate just like X percentage.
I mean thats an easy way to model it but chances are you're probably going to get better over time.
Right.
So you may pick something conservative and then pick something a little bit better that you try to reach
over a certain period of time.
Hopefully you can do better than that over time right.
But let's say they're only able to start at 1 percent click through rate.
Okay.
And then of those that click through there's a certain percentage that they can convert into customers.
So again we're going to say they're starting at some pretty low conversions.
And then eventually they're doing a little bit better still not like super incredible but you know we
can change these assumptions right.
The main thing is we're setting this we're building this model in such a way where we could account
for these changes.
So what we're saying is hey we're going to started off at these rates.
And and then 12 months over a 12 month period they can grow into these newer rates but it doesn't start
in month 1.
Why.
Because it hasn't launched yet still in development so one of the things about this modeling here is
we needed to be smart enough to kick in when it's actually launch.
So when does it actually launch.
Well the first three months here there's going to be some additional spend during that period for the
ad impressions.
So then that's when the click through rates and the conversions start to kick in.
So that kicks in there and we program it to kick in there.
So the way it's done if you look at the formulas very carefully and we pull it up so that we can see
it more clearly here.
If you want to explore how it's done.
First thing to look at is look at what is this big function here trying to do this function is choosing
between one thing and then another thing here.
Right.
So this is the other thing which is a bigger function we can break that down later.
You know this first thing is hey men of one or the other.
So when we use them in we basically again set the maximum value that it could be.
So if we're choosing the minimum between what it's stabilize here and something else that's what we're
seeing is the maximum number that we want to have in here.
Right.
So that's the stabilize that's the max number that we want to have here and that's what it's doing what
we're doing is hey we want to check to make sure we are in the correct period for starting that it is
after the first two periods after that development and beta.
That's why it's calling here.
So it's in the launch once it's launch and if it's in that period then it's going to be adding the difference
between this over the 12 month period.
We're going to grow it's straight.
But as it keeps adding You don't want it to get higher and higher.
So by having the men it sets the limit to that.
So that's basically what it's doing.
And that way allows us to see start at where it's supposed to be starting at 1 and it grows and then
once it gets back to seven points and 5 it's flattens out right.
So you see that it gets to influence 5 and it just flattens out all the way OK.
So there's just one decimals are not showing.
Now for the conversions we do something similar.
So anytime you have something where you think you are going to start off at a certain level but either
get better or maybe get worse.
You want to do something like this.
Now these two are assumed to get better.
So it's programmed to get better.
This formula here.
It's actually not designed for the opposite direction right now.
We're going to see that later on with something else.
But right now these are designed to increase so if we flip these around these formulas you're going
to look really wonky just as an f y.
All right so after that after we have the conversions then we got to make some assumption around what
is the breakdown in terms of which customers are fall into which category of the plans.
So we may do something similar.
We may have some plan where initially a lot more people are trying things out right.
So we may have something where it's maybe like this.
And this is more like 65.
But then over time we get some you know more people that fall into the trial and then some other people
that just move directly to the high use and then much far fewer people maybe fall in the middle if that's
the case then you can do it like this.
Now the mechanics here are going to be very similar but you'll see that the formula is a little bit
longer now.
It's very similar to what we did before.
We have to determine it to start in the correct month.
But if this is lower or higher we needed to increase or decrease.
Can't you see that for luminary are going from 15 to 45.
But then the x 4 requirement some 65 to 45.
So this model looks the function this equation looks a little bit more complicated but all it's saying
is we've got to decide which you know right here we're deciding if this is greater than that then we're
going to assume that it's decreasing.
But otherwise we're going to assume it that it's increasing.
It's increasing then we're going to set use that as a maximum value if it's decreasing then we're going
to use this as a minimum value.
So we're going 65 to 45 and we're decreasing over time.
We don't want it to keep getting lower and lower and lower.
And here the opposite right just like before going from 15 to 45 we don't want it to keep going higher
and higher and going above the 45.
So that's what this equation does.
It starts it in the correct value starting in month 10.
We see that it matches right here right 65 20 and 15 then 12 months later we see that it reaches its
final stabilize rate 45 10 and 40 there.
So what if we change something what if we make this 40 and then this is forty five So is still 45 right.
But what do we have now we have it starting at 40.
Now we have the other one starting at 40.
So you see that we don't know which ones can be less or more until we set the inputs here.
So this is designed to account for both kinds of inputs.
It doesn't assume that it's growing.
It could be decreasing.
All right.
So I want to get back to that right now.
Now this model looks more complicated study these two first.
I mean this equation looks complicated study the earlier equations first and you'll be able to trace
it.
So then once we have the percentage breakdown we can use those percentages to calculate the actual new
monthly customers.
That's just basically the percentage times the total conversions for that month.
And by breaking down by those percentages there.
Now the next thing which we've done before is well we probably want to assume that there's some attrition
we could assume similar rate like this and attrition that gets lower and lower over time but we kind
of did that quite a bit already so I'm going to do it this way.
Now if you want to convert the attrition to be something like this that will be a challenge for you
okay try to make it work the same way you have attrition that you know if you get you're getting better
over time or getting worse over time.
It can adjust for that.
Okay.
So that's attrition.
And then one other thing we're going to think about like we've done before was well there's probably
going to be some movement right from one tier to another tier.
So one way to do that is since we only have these three tiers this matrix here of movement.
We're just going to whatever the percentages can be read that 2 percent will move from the Creator to
the explorer.
So from from this to this.
OK.
So this means 5 percent of the Explorer is going to move to creator in a given month.
And 3 percent of the Explorers can move to luminary.
That means they're basically a percent of the Explorers and to upgrade to the higher tier.
Okay.
And then you know some of the creators are going to downgrade to explorer but some are going to upgrade
and then you know there's some that are going to downgrade from the luminary to the creator here.
But very few are going to downgrade to explore.
OK so we have these movements.
What we can do is and we can calculate these movements.
Right.
So we're going to calculate the movements from and then the movements to each of these.
OK.
So then we it's basically just tracking where those from and twos are going to pay because these are
going to be zero and it doesn't matter what we can do is we can just take the some of these times the
actual number of explorers for them because we're moving from right.
So those are moving from and then moving to we're going to have to actually find those two cells where
it's moving to multiply by the correct tiers right.
So there's 2 percent from the creators and then the zero present from the luminary.
And that's what's moving to the explorers.
Now if we look at that luminary it's coming from X floor and creator.
So then it's going to have 3 percent from the explorers plus 5 percent of the creators coming in.
Okay.
Now in the beginning we don't have anything because it doesn't start till month 10 but once we get to
month 10 we're going to start this movement as well.
Okay.
From there then we can have our final new customer account.
And then once we have a final customer account we've got to do also our cumulative customer count because
remember this is a monthly subscription.
So every customer that stays is a customer that pays another monthly subscription for that month.
So now we have total's customer account we can calculate the monthly subscriptions by each tier.
Now here after that that's where we're going to do the guess.
Right.
So we have the guests bringing customers based on these percentages and then we have the percentage
of customers that are have guess overages and then what does the average guess hours read by each each
group and then from there we have the guess overage revenue.
Okay so then we add that up with the direct gross revenue of the customers for their monthly dues Plus
the guests overages then we have the total monthly revenue for each of the months for each of the customer
groups.
So there you have it that's way for us to model the business model or the revenue side of fancy bread.
Now in the next lecture we're going to look at some of the expenses.